i don't really like snakes
i don't like them either please mr
dundee i'm not really crocodile dundee
you know it's the character i'd play in
the movies
he'll have that thing on the barbecue
tonight
oops i have news the queen of england
wants to bestow you with a knighthood
before not the most successful
independent film in history
i'm just going to say one word hoax i
was a
nominated for an academy award once
couldn't have been acting no offense
a legend returns paul hogan paul hogan
paul hogan
i love him she loves you i thought paul
hogan was already dead
dead and he's out to prove we asked
where the man from down under has been
hiding
you have a knife but mine's bigger let's
stop the line yes
that's not the law i've been doing this
for 20 years i think i'd know
his legacy is more than a croc i told
the studio we take a meeting
we want to introduce your son a dundee
junior we have just the actor
will smith we know what you're thinking
yeah
he's too old no that's not what i'm
thinking grandpa
are you getting a knighthood yeah maybe
you just try and behave come on boys
crocodile dundee star paul hogan tried
to strangle a child today
dad you know no one thinks this stuff
right put me on one of them tonight
shows
wow oh olivia i'm doing this charity
thinking at my neighbor's school
i need a favor you better shave
cause i need a man what the hell is this
and my heart is on
you get out the damn stage oh you're
going to hell now buddy
paul hogan jacoby lordy chevy chase
olivia newton-john
and john cleese strong i don't have my
driver's license you didn't just tell me
you left it at home
no i don't have a driving license
you um through a deadly snake at a fifth
grade teacher attempted to beat up two
children and knock down them
what am i forgetting here the very
excellent mr dundee you don't mean to be
nosy john but uh what happened after all
your success
oh you know alimony parties drugs
gambling prostitutes no no i'm being
silly i never gambled
you